the course will begin on November 4
and ends on December 8 let's say that
the first module and what would be the
presentation module will last a
week and will start on November 4
coinciding with the opening of the course and
will end or should end on 10
November although we are going to
keep the module open until the
completion of the course on December 8
the second module will open on 11
November and should end on 17
November the same will remain open
until 8 December , the third module
on facebook open 18
November and will close on 24
November for a week and also
will remain open until 8
December and finally the fourth module
from other social networks and tools
will be opened on November 25 and already
will close to December 8 coinciding
with the completion of the course this is
this last module lasts two weeks already
which also has a final activity that
will count therefore for what is the
course certificate comment that has
leave the modules open until the
completion of the course is advisable
to keep you going by taking them to
day because if not at the end it is going to
put together we also take into account why
lasts the second the last module two
weeks that also at least in Spain
there are two days that are party 6 and 8
of December with which therefore that's why
we also give a little more time and
then the hangouts that we had thought
that is to say the videoconferences are going to
perform on Monday , November 18 is
say once the second is finished
twitter module at 6 pm
- Spanish time-- and this one in this one
well you can do all the
questions that you want how we are going to
do well
will be live more or less so far
we calculate that both Latin America and
Spain
it's not a few hours when the
people sleeping is to say that you can
see it in the video
will be done through twitter
using a hashtag that already
we will comment then you
we will ask the questions with that
hashtag and us using the technique
because the back channel will go
showing the questions and the
resolving the same on Monday 2 of
December at 6 hours 16 18 hours
- Spanish time - and the same then
I will ask your questions and I will
I will solve
both videoconferences or videos although
you can not see live will be
saved on youtube I'll upload it so that
you can check them then to see them
see the doubts that have been raised and
Well, there, above all, because it helps you
a little during during the course